h1. 101companies Wiki

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.com/.

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"rails3-mongoid-devise", :database=>"mongodb", :orm=>"mongoid", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"none", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"none", :starter_app=>"users_app", :form_builder=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"webrick", :templates=>"erb", :ban_spiders=>true}

h2. Requirements

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.8
* MongoDB
* Redis (for production mode)

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB, HAML
* Front-end Framework: jQuery, backbone.js
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: Omniauth, Cancan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send emails using a Gmail account.

h2. Getting Started

h3. Preparation for Ubuntu only

Before installing all, you need to install some dependecies:

@sudo apt-get install redis-server curl nodejs build-essenstial libxslt-dev libxml2-dev mongodb@

If you are using Ubuntu, you can install ruby via "rvm":http://rvm.io

@rvm install 1.9.3@
@rvm use 1.9.3-p429 --default@

h3. Preparation for OSX only

Install ruby (version 1.9.3) using "rvm":http://rvm.io or "rbenv":https://github.com/sstephenson/rbenv/
And install dependencies for project:

@brew install mongodb node redis@

h3. Common part of installation

First of all you need to install gem bundler.
@sudo gem install bundler@

Now you need go to project folder.

If you will have only 1 ruby/rails project you can globally install all gems
@bundle install@

If you want to have all gems ready per project only:
@bundle install --path vendor/bundle@

To apply index for mongodb you need to execute
@bundle exec rake db:mongoid:create_indexes@
Indexes are using for unique keys in db.

Creating indexes need to be done after adding any new model with indexes or changing old models with indexes.

After installing mongodb start this database and then launch application with:
@bundle exec rails s@

If you want to see all models of app you need to execute next:
@be railroady -M -e app/models/ability.rb | neato -Tpng > controllers.png@
It will be generated a picture in root of the app named *controllers.png*

To be signed in you need to have github account with public email.

If you have been successfully signed in, you can set another role to your user:

@bundle exec rake change_role@

You will be asked about your email and new role.
Just type email from your github account and role 'admin'

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is
similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

